BZ1946268: Updating project name for PAO install via the web console (#48907)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-installing-the-performance-addon-operator.adoc

.. Switch to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* page.

.. Ensure that *Performance Addon Operator* is listed in the *openshift-operators* project with a *Status* of *Succeeded*.
+
[NOTE]
====
During installation an Operator might display a *Failed* status. If the installation later succeeds with a *Succeeded* message, you can ignore the *Failed* message.
====
+

> If the Operator does not appear as installed, to troubleshoot further:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Operator does not appear as installed, you can troubleshoot further:
```
I know this is tangential to the PR, but this is an incomplete sentence.
